I made over a million dollars trading
prop firms in the past 12 months. Here's
my news trading strategy. As always,
I'll start with the proof. I'll refresh
each page. On Topstep, I have about
$250,000
worth of payouts in the past 12 months.
And they are all right here. You can
slow it down and look at them.
TradiFire, same thing, 136,000
total payouts.
Next will be E8.
E8, I have about $220,000 worth of total
payouts.
Lucid.
I just finished the Lucid live account,
so I have about $100,000 worth of total
payouts on Lucid.
FundedNext, 108,000. These are just the
biggest sites that I use. I use some
smaller ones, but not really worth
showing here. 108,000.
And then lastly, Alpha Futures, about
75,000.
All right, so news is a very good way to
identify fair price and manipulations
away from fair price. So, it works very
strongly with my fair pricing theory.
Now, pretty much, if you haven't seen
fair pricing theory video, it's saying
that we are trying to price the futures
of Nasdaq. So, we're pricing actual
companies, and then any moves away from
a fair price, we want to trade back to
fair price with a reversion. And the way
we do that with news is to, first of
all, understand the fair price of news.
And this is going to matter technically
if it's unexpected or unexpected. Um we
can just work with the expected news for
now, which is pretty much red folder US
impact news. That's going to be 8:30
a.m. EST, usually Tuesday, Thursday,
sometimes Friday, Monday, whatever.
You can use Forex Factory where I get my
news. Just go to the news page, and then
you'll see 8:30 a.m. We have USD red
folder. And this is May 14th, May 13th,
same thing here.
And May 12th, same thing here. So, I'll
just go over my trades for these 3 days,
show you a little bit about how I use
the fair price of news. Pretty much, the
fair price of news is going to be the
price before the news came out. This is
because this news is planned. If the
news is planned, they already have a
forecast for it. Most of the time it's
pretty much exactly on the forecast. If
it's not, it changes a little bit, but
for the majority of time it's going to
be pretty much exactly what it's
forecast to be. If so, that means the
news has already been priced in. So, if
the Nasdaq is trading, if the futures of
NQ are trading at 30,000 for example,
news comes out and then there's a sharp
move away, this is what I would believe
to be the fair price because news is
already priced in. And then I would
trade a reversion back to this price
here before the news. You can also trade
a continuation of the news if you're
able to get in early enough. It's a lot
more dangerous though. You would have to
test that for yourself. It's only
something I would add once you're
trading multiple accounts at a time.
Reversion is the main way to make money
off of expected news. Unexpected news,
I'll go over that at the end. And news
drift is a commonly studied phenomenon
that goes with unexpected news. Pretty
much just got this from Google. What it
means is financial asset prices continue
moving in the direction of a surprise
piece of news. So, unexpected news,
pretty much just trading on a drift from
that. So, if the price is here,
unexpected news,
this is a new fair price and I would
just expect a slight positive drift if
the news was positive. The good thing
about trading news with my strategy is
you don't have to analyze the sentiment
of the news. You don't have to know if
the news is good or bad. You just have
to know if it occurred and if it was
planned. Forex Factory will tell you all
of that. It will also post tweets right
here. Tweets are just a really good
example of unexpected news.
So, let's get into the three examples I
have of the expected news and how I
would trade reversions. So, first one,
we have Thursday, May 5th 14th if you
want to test it. 8:30 a.m. We have two
pieces of news. So,
come over here to Thursday, May 14th and
what I'll do is mark out the candle
before news. So, 8:30 a.m. was news. And
I'll mark out here the body of the
candle before the news. So, this would
be 8:29 a.m. EST.
Here, news comes out. This news was
expected. It was forecast to be 0.7%.
The actual release of this news was
0.7%. So, they already knew what the
outcome was going to be. So, why would
the fair price of Nasdaq futures change?
Well, they shouldn't. Therefore, this
entire move down is unfair, and I want
to trade it coming right back to this
price here. Any entry for this is up to
you. Personally, I just use a break and
close above previous structure. It's
what's worked best for me in the past,
and I'm very easily able to see how many
points I'm getting in my favor back to
what I believe to be the fair price. In
my other strategy, I also trade
continuation of an opening candle, and
obviously the open candle's red, but we
make a quick continuation back up
towards the fair price. So, you could
pretty much enter anywhere along this
stretch of green candles, and then
you'll be making a plus EV trade back in
the direction of the pre-news price.
You can also enter before the market
open, such as off this break of
structure or maybe this break of
structure. Just know it is very, very
dangerous if the market is opening while
you're in a trade. Just because the open
has a ton of overnight orders, and it is
totally possible that you're in a trade,
you're in a winning trade, and the open
just wicks you out before continuing
back up. Just because the open is a sum
of overnight orders,
and this night here, for example, there
was probably like 12 hours straight of
majority selling. So, it is pretty
likely that the opening trend for at
least the first 10 to 15 seconds is
going to have a lot of selling orders
because obviously the overnight trend
was mostly bearish here. So, just be
careful. You want to widen your stop if
you're in a trade. Sometimes go break
even, but it is up to you and your back
testing what you would prefer to do. Or
you can just wait until the market opens
and prints its first green candle and
just enter here off this break of
structure back to this pre-news price,
which we believe to be fair. If you want
to take it a step further,
this continuation up here would also be
unfair, and you could trade another
reversion back to the news price here.
But, I would recommend don't look for
too many reversions throughout the day.
I'm usually done trading by 11:00 a.m.
just because the volume sort of dies
out, and the edge dies as well. Next, I
will go over Wednesday May 13th. Same
exact thing, 8:30 a.m. Let's mark out
the candle before the news. Here we have
8:29 to be right here.
That's pretty close. I just do the body
of the candle. And this news was
the actual was a little bit higher than
expected, but on average it should not
be too impactful.
Um in this case it went down anyways.
So, in this case, if
the actual is very far away from the
forecast, as you can see here, then
actual greater than forecast be good for
currency. Thankfully, you don't need to
know what this means. All you need to do
is analyze based on the price action.
Okay, the institution has thought that
this was bad for Nasdaq futures, and
hence the dump. And then I would just
treat the most recent consolidation and
the market open price as fair, instead
of this news candle right here. So,
a little bit of a difference here.
Thursday, red folder here, exactly as
expected.
Wednesday, pretty far off, so
um
in this case it's sort of unexpected in
a way. Then, I'll just treat this
consolidation and the 9:29 a.m. candle
as the fair price.
You probably have seen my strategy video
at this point. If you haven't, that just
pretty much explains why 9:29 is fair.
Also, I will add, if it is very far
away, as it is here, it is better to
take continuations of these sort of
trades, and you can just enter anywhere
throughout the first candle as it's
printing.
And that would be a pretty good
continuation trade for you. For the
reversion, though, I would just enter
back up into the pre-open price.
Same entry criteria as usual for the
strategy, pretty much off of any break
of structure. Seems like the first one
we get is here.
And just trade back to the pre-open
price. Next, I will do Tuesday May 12th.
Here we have CPI.
And
pretty much as expected for all of them.
So, this one I'm going to trade the same
as
Thursday. Treating the 8:30 8:29 a.m.
candle as fair.
So, mark that out right here. It's very
small.
Just make it like that.
And we have this move up, obviously
unfair. Want to trade on it coming back
to this price here.
In terms of the entry, pretty much same
as always. Just get on get in on a break
of structure. The first one we see is
right here. And you're getting 70 points
in your favor. The market does open
here, so I would be a little bit careful
just not wanting to get stopped out. Uh
thankfully, the overnight was absolutely
dumping, so majority of the orders were
short, and it's coming back to here
anyways, so very, very high probability
win on it coming back to this price
here. Perfect trade as usual. And this
move up would also be unfair, so you
could even double down and get a second
trade in somewhere through this move
down. Um entry would probably be up to
you on if you're entering here,
maybe here as well, or anywhere through
this move down here. It does come all
the way back down to the pre-news price,
as expected, and then consolidates, so
pretty much
proving that this was indeed a fair
price as it was exactly as forecasted,
meaning the move away was unfair, and
reversions are very live. I probably
wouldn't trade a continuation because it
came out as expected, but it is up to
you if you want to add that into your
trading. But, I would definitely
recommend testing before implementing
anything. Just understand that 9:29 is
not always going to be the fair price
because there can be unfair moves
pre-market open. All right, so that is
pretty much how we are trading news in
general. First off, we have to
understand the fair price of the news
and do the continuation if it is
extremely unexpected, and reversion if
the news came out as expected.
Pretty much, you can just test these 3
days and see how far away it was from
the expectation, and then obviously how
much it uh displaced away from what you
think should be a fair price.
Last thing I'll go over is the
unexpected news and news drift. So, in
terms of that, let me see if I can find
an example from this morning, 13 hours
ago from recording it at about 8:00 p.m.
There was red folder news from Twitter
about Iran and
materials. So, that was this piece right
here.
And what you do with unexpected news
means you want to trade, first of all, a
continuation. So, entering anywhere
throughout this candle as it's forming
is very good. You don't even need to
know the sentiment of the news. All you
have to see is, "Okay, it's dumping, so
I'm just going to get in a
continuation."
Next, instead of trading back to the
pre-news price, because the move is
fair, I would treat the most recent
consolidation after the news to be the
new fair price, which seems to be about
here, and it's later confirmed here.
So, it doesn't really look like there's
too many opportunities to trade after
this.
Sometimes, though, it will break out of
this consolidation and I'll trade on it
coming back to the consolidation.
Also, this specific day, the market
opened right here and pretty much
instantly came back to this
consolidation uh after the news and just
chopped around in here, proving that
this is the new fair price instead of
this back here. So,
you have to be on top of Forex Factory,
watching the news,
finding out is this expected news, is it
random news, all that sort of stuff, and
use the calendar to identify red folder
news throughout the week. It is Thursday
right now, so nothing for the rest of
the week, but in the week after that,
you can
>> [clears throat]
>> attempt this strategy, try it on paper
trading first. Remember, only US because
we're trading Nasdaq futures. So,
Thursday, we're definitely going to get
to a very good day and be sure to check
if the actual is meeting the forecast.
Hopefully, that is a good trade for you
next week. Last thing I'll mention is
news drift. Pretty much, if news is red,
instead of entering a continuation here,
you'll enter a continuation as soon as
it starts consolidating.
Stop loss and take profit are arbitrary,
up to your prop firm risk management,
whatever you are doing. There are
statistically optimal ways to do this,
but in general, just trading in the
direction of the news is always good
because they're not able to price in the
effects instantly, which is why I love
doing continuations of unexpected news.
So, I believe that's everything that
I've needed to talk about for news, the
expected news, unexpected news,
reversions, continuations, fair price
changes, news drift, all those sort of
things. I know it's extremely complex.
There's so many different factors to be
at play for news trading, but hopefully
that was a a very good introduction to
news trading and how I've been using it
personally. I would say it is my highest
win rate trade out of literally all of
the trades that I take is the reversion
to pre-news price.
Best example was definitely on Thursday
of last week, Thursday, May 14th. If you
want to go back and check that out. This
was just a a very high win rate trade
that I took using the strategy. So, I
always risk higher when my chance of
winning is expected to be higher. It's
something that you should apply to your
trading as well. If you want to learn
more about news drift and other news
trading strategies, then you can join my
free Discord in the description. Lots of
people there talking about news and how
to trade it. We're all watching Forex
Factory on the side and if something
comes out, we will let you know and see
how we can trade it together.